Update outlook-for-ios-and-android-faq.md (#2301)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-Exchange: Exchange/ExchangeOnline/clients-and-mobile-in-exchange-online/outlook-for-ios-and-android/outlook-for-ios-and-android-faq.md

- [Certificate-based authentication on Android](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/authentication/active-directory-certificate-based-authentication-android)

> ### Q: What do I need to consider when my OnPremise Environment is running in a Resoruce Forest Scenario?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Q: What do I need to consider when my on-premises environment is running in a resource forest scenario?
```

> You have to make sure the Trust between the Resource Forest and the Account Forest is configured as a two-way Trust.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have to make sure the trust between the resource forest and the account forest is configured as a two-way trust.
```
